(Shino) All right, everyone.
Today you'll start practicing
with shuriken.
I know you're all beginners, but
that's okay.
That's because you're at the
Academy to learn.
Now, please be extremely
careful,
so that you don't end up hurting
yourselves or hit your
classmates.
[grunts]
[grunting] Yeah!
They're not listening at all.
Hmph!
Oh, dear, I just can't seem to
get this right.
It would be much better for me
if I was drawing. Hmph!
Yeah, I'm with you there. We've
already been doing this kinda
stuff at home.
Hmph!
Hah!
Since secluding myself and
immersing myself in training, my
shuriken technique's perfect!
He's good.
Mhm.
[gasps] Wait! Shikadai and
everyone else is watching!
[weak grunt]
[embarrassed laughing] Guess my
hand must have slipped! That is
so weird.
(Boruto) Outta the way!
Huh?
This is how I do it!
[gasps] Hey! Isn't that really
dangerous?
Demon Wind Shuriken! Go!
Hmm. That shuriken is so
unsteady! With my kick I will...
Metal!
Oh, uh, L‐L‐Leaf Hurricane!
[yelling]
[grunts]
[heavy breathing] Are you all
right?
[grunts] Uh, y‐yes.
You're Metal, right?
I'm sorry about that.
Was this supposed to be
another one of your pranks?
Uhh.
Where'd you even get that thing?
(Inojin) You aren't supposed to
use a Demon Wind Shuriken
yet.
I don't know, I found
it in a locker, so...
(Iwabe) Hey!
Hmm?
That's my Demon Wind Shuriken!
You can't just take it!
Oh, that was yours, huh?
(Shino) You guys...
Hmm?
All of you come to the teacher's
office after class.
(Boruto) But!
(Shino) No but's.
(Shikadai) Even us too?
(Inojin) We didn't do anything!
(Shino) It's called "collective
responsibility."
This should have been a piece of
cake!
But I couldn't. When I get
nervous, I always mess up!
I pulled my share of pranks when
I was young, too. So I do
understand.
But still, you guys
fool around too much.
Only one person
was fooling around.
[sighs] Listen, you're setting a
bad example for your classmates.
I'm assigning you some volunteer
work outside of class.
Uh, does that include me?
And me?
(Shino) You two will supervise
the others. Understood?
[groans]
Why do I have to?
To begin with, it's against the
rules to bring unauthorized
weapons to school.
[groans]
[sighs]
[groans] This?
That's right. The one that you
crashed into and damaged with
that train.
(Site Leader) Oh good, I've been
waiting!
You're the students from the
Academy, right? Shino Sensei
told me to expect you.
These repairs require
great care and attention.
(Site Leader) Just think of it
as part of your ninjutsu
training and do your best!
Kay.
Looking forward to helping out!
[groans] Isn't there some
ninjutsu we can use to fix this
all at once?
By all rights, you should be
doing this by yourself.
[sighs]
I'm guessing that all of this
work is more of a drag for you,
Class Rep.
[chuckles] It's okay, I like
doing construction work.
Besides, working to fix a
Hokage's Great Stone Face is an
unbelievable honor.
Yeah, you definitely got that
right, Miss Class
Representative.
[nervous groan]
Repairing the Great Stone Faces.
I just can't mess this up.
[sighs]
(Boruto) I bet I could do this
by myself.
(Shikadai) Wait, Boruto!
[grunting] Hah, yeah!
Hold up! Don't charge in alone!
(Boruto) No, no, no!
And we were at a good
spot in the level too!
Yeah, you ruined it, Boruto.
Uh, sorry. [chuckles]
(Sumire Kakei) Everyone!
Let's please try to keep our
breaks short, okay?
My bad!
Let's get this
finished up soon!
Yeah, okay!
Actually I think that we've
managed to get most of the
work done already.
It's just your part
that's left, Metal.
Whoa, hey there, Metal. Metal!
[grunting]
(Shikadai) Metal!
Huh?
[gasps]
Come on!
[grunts]
Aw, come on!
Hey, you okay up there, Class
Rep?
(Sumire Kakei) Yeah!
Oh, no. Man, we really
did it this time.
[gasps/sobbing]
(Boruto) [sighs] I'm so tired.
Today sure was a rough one.
Whose fault was it that we were
there in the first place?
[chuckles] Oh, hey guys, how
about we stop for burgers?
(Boruto) I have some sweet
coupons we can use!
[sighs]
(Boruto) Hey Metal, don't be so
down.
Don't waste your energy trying
to make it all perfect.
His face isn't perfect in real
life, either.
But, but...
You know, just working hard
doesn't mean that you're doing
it in the right way, Metal.
Sometimes you make things worse.
(Shikadai) And end up skipping
over what's important.
[sighs]
Listen, you make mistakes when
you're feeling nervous, right?
[gasps] How did you know that?
You really think it wasn't
obvious to everyone?
Anyway, even with stuff like
that, you're way too honest. To
a fault.
I'm too honest?
No matter how hard you train by
yourself "in seclusion."
Unless you overcome that
nervousness, it's completely
useless!
Oh I didn't...I didn't
realize...
Well my house is that way so...
Metal...
Shikadai, did you have to
be so harsh with him?
[chuckles] You're one to talk.
To be honest, I think Metal
works harder than anyone else.
Hmm.
[grunts]
All right! Just what did you get
up to in school today?!
Nothing! It was all Boruto!
I just happened to get caught up
in it, that's all!
Why are you making these
excuses?! What are you, a
coward?!
Ow, mom, stop!
Hey, I'm home.
Hmm, what's up?
You get into trouble, Shikadai?
No, Dad, I didn't do
anything. I mean, not really.
See if you can talk some sense
into him, Shikamaru.
He keeps getting into
trouble at the Academy.
At this rate, you aren't going
to become a great ninja.
Well, on the plus side, this is
another way you learn at the
Academy.
[gulping]
[sighs]
Just consider getting scolded as
part of becoming a great ninja.
I want you to know that there's
no such thing as being a perfect
kid.
Huh?
Listen, you make mistakes when
you're feeling nervous, right?
Anyway, even with stuff like
that, you're way too honest. To
a fault.
[sighs]
I guess my son's like everyone
else. He'll get scolded and
lectured, and grow up.
Otherwise, he'll be someone who
feels no remorse when he's
wrong.
Someone who isn't able to say
he's sorry and who's all rotten
inside.
[sighs]
Shikadai, did you have to
be so harsh with him?
Yeah, Dad. You're right.
[chuckles] You see? Don't worry,
Temari. Our son gets it.
Anyway, I'm really hungry. Let's
eat already!
Huh?
Shikamaru. You are far too easy
on that boy.
And that's the reason he's
always getting into such
trouble.
[sighs] And now I'm
getting scolded.
[grunts] I'm telling you this
for the sake of the entire Nara
family...
and you're sitting there giving
me attitude?!
[gasps] What a drag!
Let me guess. You two were just
thinking, "what a drag," right?
[gasps]
No dinner! For either of you!
(Shikadai) [stomach groans] Damn
it, Dad. Learn to read the
situation.
You know when she's like that
she doesn't budge at all.
Oh I didn't, I didn't realize...
(Shikadai) I didn't know he was
so sensitive about it.
I said too much, didn't I?
I'll apologize tomorrow.
(Shikadai) What a drag.
[yawn]
Damn it. You don't
have a care in the world.
Hmm?
Oh!
Metal, about yesterday.
[gasps]
(Boruto) That's like that time
with Denki...
Hmm?
[gasps]
Metal? Wait up! Hmph!
Shikadai!
[grunts] Hey, Metal, I wanna
talk to you.
[grunts]
Hmm, Metal?
[yelling]
Hey! Metal?
[grunting]
[grunting/panting]
[exhales]
Witness my true strength. This
is what I am like when I am not
nervous.
Metal, so you were mad about
what I said yesterday.
Just wait! I don't blame you for
getting mad.
I was a little...No I was way
too harsh with you.
Whoa!
[grunts]
Oh man, if I get hit it's game
over!
Hmph! Come on. Get up and fight
me.
Hey Shikadai! You okay down
there?
You're fighting Metal?
I don't know what's going on,
but he isn't himself.
Get in the way and you will get
no mercy either.
Metal...
It's the same.
Hmm? What's up, Boruto?
Uh, you guys. Wait
you can't see that?
What're you talking about?
[inhales]
Never mind! Metal's lost
it. What do we do now?
I don't know. But if we do
nothing, something bad's gonna
happen.
Huh?
[gasps]
[yells]
A perfect throw!
When he's not
nervous he's amazing!
[grunts]
Hey, Shikadai, he's seriously
strong!
So you got a strategy
for us or what?
Calm down! Just give me a chance
to think! Let me see...
Run away! [screams]
[grunts]
[scared groans]
Come out! It is useless to hide.
Man, he's scary!
Shh! Be quiet!
We can't just keep running away
from him.
What! You were the
one who told us to run!
Relax, it's okay. I've got a
plan all figured out this time.
We'll counterattack.
Hmm?
Listen, Boruto. If you don't
want it to be game over, don't
charge in all by yourself.
Huh?
With a strong enemy, pooling
your strength can let you win.
And it makes games more fun.
Where are you?
Huh?
[grunting]
[yelling]
[grunts]
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
[grunts] You won't escape!
[grunting]
Oh, so close!
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu, a
ninjutsu where whomever the
shadow touches becomes immobile.
But it seems, there is a limit
to its reach.
Ninja Art! Super Beast Scroll!
[gasps]
[grunting]
What? But he did not move
closer!
Hmph!
And the shadow has not touched
me!
[gasps]
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu is now
complete.
What is going on?
And that, my friend, is a
Transformation Jutsu.
What? But how? What was that
shadow?
It was two snakes that I drew.
[angry grunt]
I will never forgive you for
tricking me!
[grunts] How is he so strong?
[yelling]
(Shikadai) If he keeps this up
the jutsu won't hold!
Sorry Metal.
Hey, Boruto, you have to knock
Metal out!
What? And how exactly
do I do that?
(Shikadai) I don't know, punch
him!
(Boruto) Huh? You punch him!
Hurry it up!
Should I do it?
[screaming]
Damn it! All right, fine, I'll
do it!
Then do it already!
[screaming]
Huh?
[yelling]
[grunts]
Metal? Aw man!
Metal! Hey, are you okay?
[groans]
Uh.
[groans] What did I just do? Ow,
ow, ow!
Thank goodness.
Well, looks like you're
back to normal.
Huh?
I'm sorry for yesterday. I
didn't mean to make you feel
bad!
Oh, no, it is okay!
You had every right to
be angry. I'm really sorry.
(Shikadai) By the way, when
you're not nervous, your power's
are really amazing.
Thanks, Shikadai.
[grunts] You know, I think you
guys really should train more
seriously.
(Metal) Especially you, Boruto.
What, me?
[chuckles] Well that's blunt.
[sighs]
Oh! Class is about to start!
Come on, let us go!
Yeah, all right. Guess I'll
take class seriously then...
Yeah, me too.
Gentlemen! You must hurry!
We're coming.
(Boruto) I'm home.
Welcome back, big brother!
[chuckles] Hey,
Himawari! How are you?
Welcome home, Boruto. You're
just in time! Dinner is almost
ready.
Good. I actually used my brain
in class today so I'm really
hungry.
Just today?
Oh, I just meant that we had
lots of hard stuff to learn
today so I uh...[laughing]
Let's play after dinner!
Oh, the thing is I actually got
to do some studying later on.
[sad sigh]
Hmm.
Uh.
Hmm?
Hey, Mom? That uh, thing with
your eyes. It's called the
Byakugan, isn't it?
Huh?
Yes, that's right. Myself, your
uncle, well, the entire Hyuga
Clan has that ability.
Why? What about it?
Oh, nothing.
I just wondered what kind of
stuff you can see with it.
Lots of things!
You can see far away, through
objects, and other people's
chakra, too!
Chakra?
(Boruto) Was that stuff chakra?
I was wondering, um...
Huh?
(Naruto) I'm home.
Daddy!
Oh good you got to
come home early today!
Yeah, finally finished an
all‐nighter.
Well, dinner's ready. Would you
like some?
Thank you, but I'm
going to bed.
All right. Well then, have a
good night!
He isn't even gonna eat the
dinner that Mom made for us?
Stupid old man...
Here I come! I'm gonna get ya!
Nice, Boruto!
Inojin, finish 'em!
I'm on it!
(Metal Lee) Ah!
Huh?
I was looking for you! And here
you are, just skipping class!
(Metal Lee) I am reporting this
to the teacher!
[groans]
Hey, Metal, did you know?
Playing this game will help
improve your teamwork skills.
And not only that, it
will also help you relax.
Maybe it will even be able to
help you get rid of your
nervousness.
Huh?
(Boruto) Try it out!
All right! Get 'em, Metal!
Yeah! It's up to you now!
What?
You can do it, Metal!
[groans]
(all) All right! Finish him!
If you talk like that I will get
nervous!
[screams] You broke my handheld!
[screams]
I am sorry, but when
I get nervous...
You gonna get me a
new one or what?
He really is way
too honest, y'know?
At least I know now that both
of us wont end up rotten.
Hmm?
Hmm.
[chuckles] Damn it, everyone is
such a drag!
That last yakisoba
bun is mine!
Normally, a gentleman would
agree to defer to a lady.
Yeah well, maybe if
you were a "lady..."
What is that supposed
to mean?!
Stop right there! After class
I'll prepare a battleground for
you.
(Boruto) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "A
Ninjutsu Battle of the Sexes!"
(Boruto) All right! Let's do
this!